fix: Updated nf-core reference with GMS in `multiqc_config.yml` (#38)
genomic-medicine-sweden/autoseq: CHANGELOG.md

- [ #36 ](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/autoseq/pull/36) Template update for nf-core/tools v4.0.2.
- [ #36 ](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/autoseq/pull/36) Updated multiqc module from 1.32 to 1.34 and fastqc module (included in the template update).
- [ #36 ](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/autoseq/pull/36) Updated the minimum required nextflow version to 25.10.4 (included in new template).

> - [ #37 ](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/autoseq/pull/38) Updated nf-core reference in `multiqc_config.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ #37 ](https://github.com/genomic-medicine-sweden/autoseq/pull/38) Updated documentation reference in `multiqc_config.yml` and disabled multiqc config
```

Reviewer 2: Isn't it just the linting that is disabled for `multiqc_config`? The file itself will still be used. 🤔 
I would also classify this as a fix because there is no change in behaviour of the code. This PR just fixes an incorrect link and makes the necessary linting changes to accommodate for that.

Author: I agree with @beatrizsavinhas. I'll clarify in the changelog that it's just the linting check being disabled.

Regarding the classification, yes, you are right. Since it doesn't affect the pipeline behavior, we can move it to the 'Fixed' category

Author: Updated the changelog. :+1:
